Welcome to WF-Channel

Firstly, many thanks for downloading WF-Channel and evaluating this module. We hope that you enjoy using it as much as we did developing it.

While WF-Channel has been written with quality and security in mind, we however cannot guarantee that it will be bug free or work as expected.
If in the case you find a problem, bug or security issue, please contact us at xoosla.com and submit a bug report.

What is WF-channel?
This module serves as a quick method of adding content to your website, unlike other article management modules for Xoops.
This module is not to be confused as a full blown Article management system, but rather more a way of filling the gaps left in-between.
But, we suggest that you do not underestimate the strength of this module or how it can be implemented within your website framework.

How to install

Xoosla modules require a framework module in order to work correctly. This framework is unobtrusive and once installed, will not be shown within
the system unless required to do so. Basically, install the framework and forget about it, it is that simple. Any module that depends on
this resource will warn you if the resource module is out of date and requires updating.

You can download the WF-Resource module from our website if you haven’t done so already.

Fresh install

Copy the wfchannel folder and file contents over to the modules folder of your XOOPS install, then proceed to install WF-Channel from the
XOOPS module administration area.

Update

Copy the wfchannel folder and file contents over the original wfchannel module of your XOOPS install, and then perform an update using the
XOOPS module administration. The Updates to the WF-Channel will be done at the same time, this includes database changes etc.

If for any reason that after the install, your module does not look right within the frontend, then we suggest that you perform a few actions.
There is a bug within 2.33 with template caching that will prevent a proper update and it is required to delete some cache items in order for
the update to fully take place.

1.	Delete your browser cache and cookies.
2.	Delete and empty the following XOOPS folder. xoops_data/caches/xoops_cache and xoops_data/caches/smarty_compile

Hopefully, your module should now be updated.

Recall

Fresh Install:
	a) Upload WF-Resources
	b) Install WF-Resources.
	a) Upload WF-Channel
	b) Install WF-Channel.

Updating from all WF-Channel v1 versions:
	a) Upload WF-Resources
	b) Install WF-Resources.
	c) Copy and over write the previous version of of WF-Channel.
	d) Update WF-Channel via The Xoops Module Admin Area.
	e) Due to the nature of this update, it is required that the page group permissions need to be saved again.

Updating from v2.0 Versions:
	a) Upload WF-Resources
	b) Install WF-Resources.
	c) Copy and overwrite the previous install of WF-Channel.
	d) Update WF-Channel via The Xoops Module Admin Area.
	e) Due to the nature of this update, it is required that the page group permissions need to be saved again.

Updating from v2.05:
	b) Update WF-Resources 1.06 using the instructions within the module readme first.
	c) Copy and overwrite the previous install of WF-Channel.
	d) Update WF-Channel via The Xoops Module Admin Area.